uline's complete line of convertible
hand trucks has just what you need to
safely handle and move packages and
goods of all sizes these trucks easily
convert between a two-wheel hand truck
to a four-wheel platform truck giving
you versatility utility and cost savings
in one single product to convert to the
platform position
press the release latch on the back of
the hand truck and slide the frame down
the handle the truck will come to rest
in the platform position to convert back
to a hand truck pull the handle upwards
and slide the frame up the handle
locking it into the hand truck position
all Uline convertible hand trucks offer
a long list of features their
lightweight aluminum construction makes
them easy to handle helps reduce worker
fatigue and injury and is corrosion
resistant the wide 18 by 7 and a half
inch nose plate holds load steady and
the wheel guards protect items beam
carrying with 10 inch solid rubber or
pneumatic wheels you move smoothly on a
variety of surfaces and retractable
polyurethane casters protect floors and
store conveniently out of the way when
not in use with a variety of styles and
sizes Uline convertible hand trucks can
handle heavy loads up to 500 pounds in
the hand truck position and 800 pounds
in the platform truck position the jr.
model is 51 inches high with dual
handles in the senior model is 61 inches
high with an anti slip curved handle the
optional 43 by 12 inch and 56 by 12 inch
aluminum platform decks snap-on giving
you even more versatility to carry small
or odd shaped items while the 30 inch
aluminum nose plate extension provides
additional stability for larger loans
Uline convertible hand trucks are in
stock and ready for fast delivery from
any of our strategic locations in North
America whatever your material handling
needs are you
mine has the answer
you